---
title: Tory Ferry v3.0
redirect_from: tory-ferry-v3-0
date: 2019-10-21T21:40:20.000Z
date_updated: 2020-05-10T20:00:05.000Z
tags: Tory, App
description: Today we're announcing our brand new update to the Tory Ferry App, it's a major upgrade!
featured_image: /images/2019/10/app-poster-copy.png
---

Today we're announcing our brand new update to the Tory Ferry App, it's a major upgrade!

Hot on the heels of our [Arranmore Ferry update](https://blog.arranmorefastferry.com/arranmore-ferry-app-3/) we are excited to share the new and improved [Tory Ferry app](https://toryferry.com/app). There are some cool new features across each of the screens - here's a quick rundown of all the changes.

> As always any time marked in blue is a ferry leaving Tory and any ferry leaving Magheroarty is marked in orange.

{% include post-components/gallery.html
	columns = 3
	full_width = true
	images="/images/2019/10/android1.png,/images/2019/10/android2.png,/images/2019/10/android3.png"
	alts="Tory V3 Screenshot,Tory App v3 Screenshot,Tory App v3 Screenshot"
%}

# New Navigation

We've  got a new navigation system for all users, though our iPhone fans will recognise it. All devices now have a smooth bottom bar to navigate the app without having to stretch and reach to the top of the screen.

## Rerouted Ferries

Sometimes our ferry service has to change routes due to the weather or the tidal nature of Magheroarty port. The app caters to these changes by labelling the tables and next times, making it clear the final destination of ferries on even the most challenging of days.

## Date Picker

We've folded our date picker into our timetables page now too. You can view the whole years timetables or choose a date.

Your chosen date will include all upcoming changes too. Any extra ferries or cancellations will be included in this timetable.

{% include post-components/gallery.html
	columns = 3
	full_width = true
	images="/images/2019/10/ios3-1.png,/images/2019/10/ios3-1.png"
	alts="Tory V3 Screenshot,Tory App v3 Screenshot"
%}

<pre>Rerouted ferries are marked in a light orange colour.</pre>
<br/>

# Changes

Life on an island means you have to be ready for any weather, things change quickly and we've got you covered with our new layout Changes page.  All changes are listed chronologically meaning you get the most important information first!

You can filter your choice of extras, cancelled or rerouted. We wanted to make it  as easy as possible for you to see the information you need.

# How Refreshing

All our new views can be  updated with a simple swipe down. Pull down on any screen with ferry  times and we'll pull the latest information from the ferry team and display it for you.

If you're not connected to the internet for any reason, we'll show a little notification to let you  know you're not looking at the most up to date times.

{% include post-components/gallery.html
	columns = 3
	full_width = true
	images="/images/2019/10/android6.png,/images/2019/10/tablet1-1.png"
	alts="Tory V3 Screenshot,Tory App v3 Screenshot"
%}

# Coming Soon

This  is the first in a series of updates. We know how important it is to  keep the Gaeilge language alive, so we're working hard on translating the new app right now and we'll share this with you as soon as we have  it.

Let us know what you think of the new app and what you'd like  to see in the future. If you like the new app, we'd love it if you could  leave us a review on the App Stores

{% include post-components/app-buttons.html
	columns = 2
	android = "https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.hexastudios.toryferry"
	ios = "https://apps.apple.com/us/app/tory-ferry/id1367177195"
%}
